(USAGI) Dearest Mamo, Minako's
made it to the finals for an
idol audition! If she wins...
she could become a star! But
ever since the Three Lights
issue...
she's been really distracted.
I'm afraid her true talent won't
shine through in front of
the judges.
Let's cheer her on
together, okay Mamo...?
[giddy gasps]
[giddy gasps and groans]
[sighs]
Are you sure you're not gonna
go to the audition finals?
Mina... seriously?
[grunt] Uh-huh!
[sigh]
(USAGI) Go for your Dream:
Minako Becomes an Idol.
Wow...
Look, it's the Three Lights...
They've been working hard
lately.
That explains why they haven't
been in school. Their schedule's
all booked up with idol work.
Idol work, huh?
[gasp] Huh?!
Well, that's cool... but I think
school is of the utmost
importance.
We need to study hard,
especially while we're young!
Uhhh...
(MINAKO) It'll help us open
doors to new possibilities!
Isn't that right, Ami?!
Huh? Y-yeah... [coughing]
Uhhh...
Well... see ya later! It's time
for me to go home now. I've got
a ton of homework.
You guys should study too if
you don't want to fail like
Usagi.
[biting] That's mean, Minako!
Buh-bye! Study hard!
Mina...
Amazing! I never thought I'd
hear the word "study" come out
of Minako's mouth.
Does she have a fever or
something?
I think it's a good thing. You
should try and follow her
example, Usagi.
[gasp] My makeup exam buddy has
forsaken me...
She's always been strange, but
now she's really outdone
herself.
I wonder if something
happened...
Ah, well actually...
Artemis... what is it?
She got some news she hasn't
told any of you...
You mean Minako?
Yeah.
She got a notice in the mail
that said she passed the
semi-finals for the Idol Talent
Search audition. All that's
left is the finals...
but she doesn't think now is a
good time...
It's true. Not only do we have
the Three Lights to worry
about...
we also have to
watch out for Galaxia.
So then, she's just gonna
give up?
It seems that way.
Well that definitely explains
why she was acting so bizarre...
And if she actually were to win
the finals...
...then she gets to have Takuya
Moroboshi, the most popular
producer out there...
write her a new song for the
whole world to hear!
[giddy breath]
Wow, that's incredible! Then
she's guaranteed to become a
superstar!
It's Minako's lifelong dream to
become an idol. She can't miss
this opportunity!
I wonder why the princess hasn't
shown up. We all felt her
energy.
Look on the bright side. At
least we know she received our
message.
Actually. I picked up a trace of
her scent just the other day.
What? Really?
Where was that?
I'm sure it was her, but
why would I sense her there...?
It seems like there might be
something that's preventing the
princess from wanting to appear
before us.
(MAKOTO) You've got to go to the
finals, Minako.
Seriously! We're all rooting for
you.
It's your big chance to become
an idol, right?
[gasp] Not at a time like this!
That's all the more reason why
we want you to go and do your
best.
Huh?
You have to hold onto your
dreams in good times and bad
times, no matter what!
It's all the same...
Usagi...
We all have our own hopes and
dreams that we hold dear to our
hearts...
whether it's friendship or
love...
...I believe that's what brings
us together to fight on.
Because those hopes and dreams
are worth fighting for.
She's right, Minako, and even if
something were to happen...
we would cover for you so
there's no need to worry.
Please go, Minako.
Are you sure?
Uh-huh!
Thanks, you guys are the best!
Oh! And you're more than welcome
to come watch me become an
idol!
Watch it!
Yeah, don't get too cocky!
Or you'll never pass the finals!
My bad!
Oh, look who's hard at work
finding us a true Star Seed...
it's Producer Karasuma.
[grunting]
Just you wait- I'll show you
which one of us is the real
professional in the room!
Hmph! What a loser! Hm?
Oh?! He looks like a good
candidate...
Gotta give her some credit- he
might actually have a true Star
Seed. [chuckling]
[laughter and chattering]
All these finalists look super
cute.
(ARTEMIS) Have confidence!
You're one of the finalists,
too.
Remember, Usagi and the other
girls are all rooting for you...
So you can't let them down...
right?
Yeah! Huh?!
[chattering and excited gasps]
Look! It's Mr. Moroboshi!
He's so dreamy!
Uh... hold on. Stay back girls!
[yelp]
[screams and giggles]
(YATEN) Oh boy...
Huh?!
Wait just a minute- what are you
doing here?!
That's exactly what I was going
to ask you!
Don't tell me you're here for
the final idol auditions too?!
Come with me!
H-hey! Ahhhh! Let go of
me!
Cut it out! [nervous gasps] What
do you want?
[flinching]
C'mon. Do you really think you
have time for this right now?!
Eh... Huh?
So do your friends know about
this?
O-of course they do. They're the
one who encouraged me to come.
What?!
You've got to be kidding...
haven't any one of you girls
ever stopped to think about the
seriousness of the situation
you're in?!
Don't you care what happens to
the future of your planet?!
Yes, of course I do.
Well if that's the case, then
how can you explain what you're
doing here!
Uh... well...
I've had it with you people.
You and your friends are truly
hopeless.
Wait...!
It's because... this has been my
dream!
What?
I think... I think it's
important to try and make my
dream come true!
You're saying that fulfilling
your dream... is more important
than being a Sailor Guardian?
Uh...
Mr. Yaten, the finals are
starting soon.
Right.
[grunt]
(EMCEE) We shall now begin the
final round of judging for the
Idol Talent Search Contest.
Uh... it looks like one of our
judges still hasn't arrived.
Sorry! Ms. Karasuma got all tied
up in another matter so I'm here
to fill in. My name's Suzu!
Nice to meet ya.
You as well.
Everyone sure is shining.
Yes they are, but I'd say you're
the one who's shining even
brighter.
Oh...?
Alright, I'll begin by
introducing our judges and then
I'll explain the judging
process.
First we have music producer and
songwriter... Mr. Moroboshi.
Just do your best everyone.
Perform exactly like you
normally do. Try to relax.
You got it?
Yeah.
[gagged mumbles]
[chattering]
Number five, Minako Aino- please
step onto the stage!
[grunt] Yes!
Good luck, Mina...
And begin!
♪♪ ...is holding me back like a
wind... and tearing me all up
inside... ♪♪
♪♪ we must go our separate ways,
because the stars have decided
our fate ♪♪
♪♪ But look at you, you choose
this path, on a white route of
stars... ♪♪
♪♪ The future looms, and calls
our name... no need to
hesitate... ♪♪
♪♪ That blue sea is stretching
out now... ♪♪
♪♪ ...the wild wind is starting
to blow... ♪♪
♪♪ It's so cold, I can't go
without you... ♪♪
♪♪ I will forever run... on... ♪♪
Alright, thank you very much.
Next up is number six, Hanako
Urashima. Come on forward.
That was a complete mess.
What's the matter? Where's your
usual confidence?
[moaning breaths]
Now is not the time to be
holding back, Mina! Wake up!
[gasp]
You hold on tight at all times,
Chibi-Chibi.
Take it from me, it's kind of
easy to get lost in a TV studio.
Chibi-Chibi.
[chattering and cheering]
[snoring]
Oh!
Ahhh!
[pained grunt]
Mina!
Hm? [groggy breaths and snoring]
Sorry, you okay?
Mina... remember Usagi's words-
you can do this! C'mon!
I won't give up!
Usagi and the others helped me
to get here...
(USAGI) That's all the more
reason why we want you to go and
do your best.
You have to hold onto your
dreams in good times and bad
times, no matter what!
[gasp]
(ARTEMIS) That's the spirit,
Mina!
Hm, is this the right way?
Nope... looks like it's a dead
end.
Awww!
[chattering]
Next, our judges will ask you
some questions...
so please come up five at a time
in numerical order and be
prepared to give a thoughtful
response.
Alright judges, ask away!
Number five.
Y-yes?
Please tell us what made you
want to apply for the Idol
audition?
I was hoping to inspire as many
people as possible with my dream
of acting, singing, and dancing.
Just like the members of The
Three Lights.
So you think being an idol is
easy and our success just
happened overnight?
Well, ah...
Aren't there more important
things to do before becoming an
idol?
Or is that something you
thought you'd figure out
afterwards?
When it comes to realizing your
dreams, there's no such thing as
before or after.
I think she's really got you
there, Yaten.
She's a superstar in the making.
She's determined not to give up
on her dream.
[gasp]
Awww, we gotta hurry before it's
over.
(CHIBI-CHIBI) Over, over...
Didn't we already come down this
hall?
What? No way, are you sure?
(USAGI) [groan]
See?
[gasps and giggles]
Excellent job, everyone!
(YATEN) Hey...
Huh?
I don't understand why you're
trying so hard.
Because I'm determined not to
let my friends down.
Let them down?
That's right- it was Usagi who
told me I should hold on to my
dreams, especially in times like
this.
Mm.
My dream is their dream... and
their dream... is my dream.
[chuckle] I guess one's duty as
a Guardian isn't everything
after all...
Huh?
Maybe we were getting a little
impatient about our princess...
What do you mean?
We know she's nearby, but she
has yet to appear before us.
I'm starting to wonder if it's
The Three Lights who are the
ones lacking something...
You are not lacking anything!
Huh?
You and your friends are really
shining bright... brighter than
any other star I know.
[chuckle]
They're all amazing. It's hard
to choose just one...
(SUZU) Well... I've already
narrowed mine down to one
person.
Huh?
And... it's... you.
Meow!
W-what's going on?
I want your Star Seed... It's
mine!
[gasp]
[screaming]
Usagi!
Hm. Chibi-Chibi, you stay right
here!
Luna! Watch Chibi-Chibi!
Chibi-Chibi.
(SUZU) What?! Darn it...
I should've known Crow's targets
are no good...
(USAGI) Hold it right there!
Huh?
Mr. Moroboshi is an incredible
producer and amazing songwriter
who is constantly cheering
people up with his wonderful
songs! How dare you attack him!
I am the Pretty Guardian...
...who fights for love and for
justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
Yeah? What can a nuisance of a
girl like you do?
Hold it right there!
Venus!
Mr. Moroboshi was one of my
judges and he was awesome. How
dare you attack him!
A second nuisance of a girl?
Hold it right there!
Oh no, a third nuisance of a
girl?!
Ah!
Uh-oh!
How dare you tie me up and steal
my target! Unforgivable!
You're playng really dirty here,
you know that?!
Now, now, now... He didn't even
have it!
Huh?
Sailor Musician, would you be so
kind as to entertain these two
girls?
Do re mi fa Boom Boom!
[gasps]
Have fun chatting with your new
friend...
Hey! I'm not done with you yet!
(SUZU) Ahhh! Hey. no choking!
Ahhh!
(AKANE) You're the one who's a
nuisance!
(SUZU) Owww!
Hey! Tell me ladies, what kind
of music do you like to listen
to?
Huh?!
Let's rock'n roll! Do re mi
fa... Boom Boom!
[screaming]
Boom!
Ahhh!
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
Whoahhhhh!
As usual, I can't bear to watch.
Guess I have no choice...
Healer Star Power... Make Up!
Fa so la ti... Boom!
Star Sensitive... Inferno!
Ahhh!
Venus!
Love and Beauty Shock!
[grunt and pained groan]
Now's your chance, Sailor Moon!
[grunt]
Silver Moon...
Crystal Power... Kiss!
[struggling]
Beautiful!
[sighs of relief]
[[giggles] Chibi-Chibi!
I really hope you win.
[chuckle] Well if I don't, it's
all Yaten's fault...
I went extra tough on your
score.
(MIAKO) Awww...
But, you were the one who shined
the brightest.
Really?!
Chibi-Chibi [giggling]
I-It's her scent...! Huh?!
Princess...?!
Chibi-Chibi...
Is this the scent Taiki was
talking about?
[dazed groan] Chibi-Chibi...
(ARTEMIS) You did it!
Yup, I finally proved that I
really do have a knack for show
biz!
And that means I can become an
idol at any time!
Huh?
But right now, it's more
important for me to be with my
friends.
(SEIYA) It doesn't make any
sense. Our message should have
reached her.
(USAGI) Hey, Seiya, we're
running a cafe for the school
festival.
(SEIYA) Why won't the princess
show herself to us?
(USAGI) We even made cute
aprons! And Mako is going to
bake some special cakes.
(SEIYA) Bun-head?
(USAGI) Sorry, but we don't have
any buns...
Next time, on Sailor Stars: "The
Stolen Silver Crystal: Princess
Kakyu Appears."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.